**Notice : do not update to v3.41.0.0 if you use an Media Services account in Azure China or Azure Government. These instances need to be updated to support the latest SDK.**

Version 3.41.0.0 brings the following features and improvements :

* Support for **Apple FairPlay** content protection
  * See the [announcement](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/azure-media-services-expands-multi-drm-offering/)
  * Note : you can run the Dynamic Encryption wizard several times if you want to setup multiple content protection schemes. For example : PlayReady/Widevine for DASH, PlayReady for Smooth and FairPlay for HLS. It's not possible to setup two different encryption schemes for the same protocol.
  * Note : FairPlay uses a key which is different from the CENC key. So it's not possible to have the same key id for the CENC and FairPlay keys.
* **Azure Media Video OCR** private preview. Supported languages includes Arabic, Chinese Simplified, Chinese Traditional, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Serbian Cyrillic, Serbian Latin, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, and Turkish.
   * See the [blog post](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/ocr-on-azure-media-analytics/)
* **Azure Media Content Moderator** private preview
   * See the [blog post](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/content-moderator-azure-media-analytics/)
* Other Media Analytics update
   * Minor UI update
   * New option to copy the subtitles generated by Indexer to the source asset (copy is done by AMSE after the completion of the job)
   * If the source asset contains a primary file which is not an audio/video file, AMSE proposes to change the primary file to an audio/video file in order to take it as a source by the processor.
* Support for custom AES key delivery URL when key is delivered by AMS
   * used by some customers in order to cache the key with a CDN
* Adds support for Ignore708Captions setting for live channels
* Critical performance improvement in the live tab when listing programs related to channel
* New features for transfers : transfers can be cancelled, and completed transfers can be cleared
* Fixed some issues with live archive copy. Better displays and manages the fragmented flag, and displays some warning when doing live archive copy
* Reorganization of the asset menu
* Updated the Media Services SDK to version 3.6.0
* Bug fixes and improvements